feat: add a default security policy (#12)
siemens/.github: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

Siemens takes the security of its code seriously. If you think you have found a security vulnerability,
please read the next sections and follow the instructions to report your finding.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Please DO NOT report any potential security vulnerability via a public channel (mailing list, GitHub issue etc.).
Instead, [report the vulnerability privately via GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/guidance-on-reporting-and-writing/privately-reporting-a-security-vulnerability)
(if enabled for the repository) or [contact us via email](mailto:opensource@siemens.com).

Please provide a detailed description of the issue, the steps to reproduce it, the affected versions and, if already available,

> a proposal for a fix. You should receive a response within 5 working days.

Reviewer: Did you intentionally drop sentences like "If the issue is confirmed as a vulnerability by us, we will open a Security Advisory on github and give credits for your report if desired." and "This project follows a 90 day disclosure timeline."? The latter is indeed quite concrete but also not overly challenging.

Reviewer 2: I have no further comments, except one. Even though 90 days might not be challenging, it will become a metric against which we will be measured... By leaving it out we have more wiggle room. ("we never promised to do this by then.")

Author: @jan-kiszka Yes, I dropped that intentionally because I thought that might be too much to enforce on all maintainers.

But with @nejch suggestion to send a message we could also add it back and tell maintainers to set up their own policy if they want something different.

Author: I added back the sentences, but kept the disclosure timeline unspecific. I think this strongly depends on the project and the kind of vulnerability.

WDYT @jan-kiszka?

# Security Policy

Siemens takes the security of its code seriously. If you think you have found a security vulnerability,
please read the next sections and follow the instructions to report your finding.

## Scope of this policy

> This is the default security policy for all repositories within the `siemens` organzation on GitHub.com.

Reviewer 3: typo: organization

Author: Thanks, adapted!

It does not apply for reposities that have their own security policy.
It also does not apply for forks where you should follow the upstream policy instead.

If you are unsure whether the policy applies feel free to reach out via the channels mentioned below and we'll be happy to help.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> Please DO NOT report any potential security vulnerability via a public channel (mailing list, GitHub issue etc.).

Reviewer 3: etc. usually preceding with a comma foo, bar, etc.

Author: Thanks, adapted!

Instead, [report the vulnerability privately via GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/guidance-on-reporting-and-writing/privately-reporting-a-security-vulnerability)
(if enabled for the repository) or [contact us via email](mailto:opensource@siemens.com).

> Please provide a detailed description of the issue, the steps to reproduce it, the affected versions and, if already available,

Reviewer 3: affected version(s)

Author: Thanks, adapted!

a proposal for a fix. You should receive a response within 5 working days. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message.

> If the issue is confirmed as a vulnerability by us, we will publish an advisory (e.g. on GitHub) and give credits for your report if desired. We follow the coordinated vulnerability disclosure model and will define an appropriate disclosure timeline together with you.

Reviewer 4: Sorry, missed the comment when I was OoO. The additions look good to me! I know this is copy/pasted but how about:

```suggestion
If we confirm the issue as a vulnerability, we will publish an advisory (e.g. on GitHub) and give credits for your report if desired. We follow the [coordinated vulnerability disclosure](https://vuls.cert.org/confluence/display/CVD) model and will define an appropriate disclosure timeline together with you.
```
